Now that we have a better idea of what we're trying to do let's go back over to our.
We're going to add in a new file to our TMC project and it's going to have some code inside of it that's
going to eventually call J ust on dot from file.
All right.
So back over inside my project I'm going to go to my root project directory and inside there I'll create
a new file called render dot J.S. so the idea behind this rendered dot j ust file and really quickly
here.
Make sure that it's placed inside of your root Tumi project directory.
Make sure that it did not get placed into the sample web project by mistake.
So inside this rendered dot J.S. File we're going to add in some code that's gonna take the name of
an each CML document.
So essentially just like we saw on the documentation this thing right here it's going to take a path
to an age HTML document.
We're then going to take that path and hand it off to jail stop DOT from file.
So essentially we're going to wrap up this function call right here inside of our own little function.
The reason for this is that eventually you and I are going to add in a lot of fancy code that kind of
wraps up all this j j ust Dom stuff with some helper functions.
That's why we are putting it together inside of this separate file in its own little function okay.
So back inside of rendered J J.S. at the very top I'm going to first require in jest Dom
I'm then going to pull off the j as DOM object or the constructor function off of that thing
then inside of here I'm going to make a function that I'll call simply render.
This is going to take a file name.
So there's gonna be the essentially full path to some H small file that I want to open up or something
not footpath which is the name of the file that we want to open up so given that this is just gonna
be the name of the file we're going to then turn it into a fully qualified path.
So like the entire path to some given agent I'll file on our computer to do so at the very top I'm going
to also require in the path module as well just so I can join two parts together then instead of render
I'll say file path is path dot join and we'll join together process dot current working directory and
the file name like so.
So this step right here remember we are writing out all of this logic in relation to some testing application
or some testing CLIA.
And so we need to make sure that we've got some path to a file that is fully qualified because we're
going to be eventually executing some Asian file and we might not necessarily know where that actual
Asian file is.
So that's why we're kind of making sure that we get the fully qualified path to that file so then instead
of here just like we saw in the documentation we'll call just on dot from file and notice how that returns
a promise.
We know that because they are changing on the dot then statement right there.
So we're going to use the async await syntax to make sure that we can get the results out of this thing
rather than making use of any promise based in text.
Remember if we have a promise we can always use the async await syntax on it okay.
So back over here I'm gonna make sure I wrap the function render as async then say count Dom is a wait
j ust Dom dot from file and I'll pass in file path and we're gonna put in an object here as the second
argument this is gonna have a couple of options.
The two options that you and I are gonna pass in is run scripts and we're going to say dangerously as
a string and we're also going to put in resources and we'll say usable like so now the word right here
dangerously.
That seems kind of nasty doesn't it.
Well let's take a look at the documentation back over here.
If you do a quick search on this page for dangerously like so you'll see that there is a big warning
right underneath that that says hey be careful when you say run scripts with dangerously.
The reason for this is that you're going to essentially run some javascript code inside of the node
J.S. environment the no jazz environment has full access to your entire computer so you essentially
can read all the different files on your computer it can delete files it can create files.
If we could run some arbitrary or random javascript code on someone else's machine we could do a lot
of damage.
And that's essentially is what is going to happen when we say run scripts dangerously right here.
We're going to essentially take some each small file take the javascript from it and execute it on our
computer and we run some javascript outside of a browser environment.
There's always a risk of some malicious behavior.
Now the reason that you and I are okay with this is that we're going to be running some javascript file
that we already authored on our computer we are only ever going to run scripts through this thing that
you and I authored and so I personally have no issue whatsoever by adding in this option right here
because I'm only ever going to run some javascript code that I execute I've put together myself or some
other third party library that I probably kind of trust anyways
it's now we've got that we've got this dumb object right here and right now we're just going to return
Dom like so.
And finally at the very bottom the file I'll say module dot exports is render notes.
I'm not calling the render function here.
I'm just saying render.
That's because we want to export the function we had just created.
All right.
So that's all we need to get started.
So now member we want to eventually be able to call this function right here from some test related
code.
The whole idea here is that I want to be able to have some person who is using my test framework to
be able to call render and get access to some like live each email document inside of their test code.
So we need to make sure that we expose this render function right here to the outside world and allow
whoever is using our test framework to use it as well.
To do that we'll open up our runner dot j ust file remember inside of run tests we put together two
Global Properties right here before each and it.
That was how we expose these global variables to the outside world and allowed whoever was using our
testing framework from the command line to access before each and it.
So we're going to use that same exact strategy to make the render function of able to the outside world
as well.
We're going to require the render function into runner dot G.S. and it will assign the render function
to the global object so up at the top I'm going to require in render from the render file that we just
put together so that's the function we just authored then down right above global dot for each.
I'll say global dot render is render it's now someone who is writing out some test code can really call
render at any point time they can call render they can pass in the name of some each small file and
that should execute that file immediately
okay.
So let's save this.
We now need to test it in some way so to test it we're going to add in a new test file to our sample
web project.
We're gonna start to write out some different tests inside there and then execute that test file with
our team a command line tool.
This video is running a little bit long so let's take a quick pause right here and start to write that
test in the next video.